charts/litmus-agent/README.md, before:

# litmus-agent

![Version: 3.8.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-3.8.1-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 3.8.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-3.8.0-informational?style=flat-square)

A Helm chart to install litmus agent

**Homepage:** <https://litmuschaos.io>

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| Vr00mm | <remi.ziolkowski-ext@pole-emploi.fr> |  |
| ispeakc0de | <shubham.chaudhary@harness.io> |  |
| Jonsy13 | <vedant.shrotria@harness.io> |  |

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/litmuschaos/litmus>

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=1.16.0-0`

| Repository | Name | Version |
|------------|------|---------|
|  | chaos-exporter | 3.8.0 |
|  | chaos-operator | 3.8.0 |
|  | event-tracker | 3.8.0 |
|  | subscriber | 3.8.0 |
|  | workflow-controller | 0.2.1 |

## Installing the Chart

To install this chart with the release name `litmus-portal`:

```console
$ helm repo add litmuschaos https://litmuschaos.github.io/litmus-helm/
$ helm install litmus-agent litmuschaos/litmus-agent \
  --namespace litmus --create-namespace \
  --set "INFRA_NAME=helm-agent" \
  --set "INFRA_DESCRIPTION=My first agent deployed with helm !" \
  --set "LITMUS_URL=https://chaos-center.domain.com" \ # FOR REMOTE AGENT (INGRESS)
  --set "LITMUS_URL=http://litmusportal-frontend-service.litmus.svc.cluster.local:9091" \ # FOR SELF AGENT (SVC)
  --set "LITMUS_BACKEND_URL=http://litmusportal-server-service.litmus.svc.cluster.local:9002" \ # FOR SELF AGENT (SVC)
  --set "LITMUS_USERNAME=admin" \
  --set "LITMUS_PASSWORD=litmus" \
  --set "LITMUS_PROJECT_ID=69395cb3-0231-4262-8990-78056c8adb4c" \
  --set "LITMUS_ENVIRONMENT_ID=nameofenvironment"
```

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| APP_VERSION | string | `"3.7.0"` |  |
| INFRA_DESCRIPTION | string | `"chaos infrastructure deployed with helm"` |  |
| INFRA_NAME | string | `"helm-infrastructure"` |  |
| INFRA_NODE_SELECTOR | string | `""` |  |
| INFRA_TYPE | string | `"external"` |  |
| LITMUS_BACKEND_URL | string | `""` |  |
| LITMUS_ENVIRONMENT_ID | string | `""` | ID of the litmus environment where the infrastructure will be added |
| LITMUS_PASSWORD | string | `"litmus"` |  |
| LITMUS_PROJECT_ID | string | `""` |  |
| LITMUS_URL | string | `"https://my-domain.com"` |  |
| LITMUS_USERNAME | string | `"admin"` |  |
| NS_EXISTS | bool | `true` |  |
| PLATFORM_NAME | string | `"Others"` |  |
| SA_EXISTS | bool | `true` |  |
| SKIP_SSL | string | `"false"` |  |
| chaos-exporter.enabled | bool | `true` |  |
| chaos-operator.enabled | bool | `true` |  |
| crds.create | bool | `true` |  |
| event-tracker.enabled | bool | `true` |  |
| global.INFRA_MODE | string | `"cluster"` |  |
| global.customLabels | object | `{}` |  |
| global.infraConfigName | string | `"subscriber-config"` |  |
| global.infraSecretName | string | `"subscriber-secret"` |  |
| global.podAnnotations | object | `{}` |  |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"Always"` |  |
| image.repository | string | `"litmuschaos.docker.scarf.sh/litmuschaos/litmus-helm-agent"` |  |
| image.tag | string | `"latest"` |  |
| resources.limits.cpu | string | `"100m"` |  |
| resources.limits.memory | string | `"128Mi"` |  |
| resources.requests.cpu | string | `"100m"` |  |
| resources.requests.memory | string | `"128Mi"` |  |
| subscriber.enabled | bool | `true` |  |
| workflow-controller.crds.create | bool | `true` |  |
| workflow-controller.enabled | bool | `true` |  |

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.11.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.11.0)

Commit message:

feat(litmus-agent): allow using existing configuration and secrets
Signed-off-by: Sam <sam@wekk.io>

charts/litmus-agent/README.md, after:

# litmus-agent

![Version: 3.8.2](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-3.8.2-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 3.8.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-3.8.0-informational?style=flat-square)

A Helm chart to install litmus agent

**Homepage:** <https://litmuschaos.io>

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| Vr00mm | <remi.ziolkowski-ext@pole-emploi.fr> |  |
| ispeakc0de | <shubham.chaudhary@harness.io> |  |
| Jonsy13 | <vedant.shrotria@harness.io> |  |

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/litmuschaos/litmus>

## Requirements

Kubernetes: `>=1.16.0-0`

| Repository | Name | Version |
|------------|------|---------|
|  | chaos-exporter | 3.8.0 |
|  | chaos-operator | 3.8.0 |
|  | event-tracker | 3.8.0 |
|  | subscriber | 3.8.0 |
|  | workflow-controller | 0.2.1 |

## Installing the Chart

To install this chart with the release name `litmus-portal`:

```console
$ helm repo add litmuschaos https://litmuschaos.github.io/litmus-helm/
$ helm install litmus-agent litmuschaos/litmus-agent \
  --namespace litmus --create-namespace \
  --set "INFRA_NAME=helm-agent" \
  --set "INFRA_DESCRIPTION=My first agent deployed with helm !" \
  --set "LITMUS_URL=https://chaos-center.domain.com" \ # FOR REMOTE AGENT (INGRESS)
  --set "LITMUS_URL=http://litmusportal-frontend-service.litmus.svc.cluster.local:9091" \ # FOR SELF AGENT (SVC)
  --set "LITMUS_BACKEND_URL=http://litmusportal-server-service.litmus.svc.cluster.local:9002" \ # FOR SELF AGENT (SVC)
  --set "LITMUS_USERNAME=admin" \
  --set "LITMUS_PASSWORD=litmus" \
  --set "LITMUS_PROJECT_ID=69395cb3-0231-4262-8990-78056c8adb4c" \
  --set "LITMUS_ENVIRONMENT_ID=nameofenvironment"
```

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| APP_VERSION | string | `"3.7.0"` |  |
| INFRA_DESCRIPTION | string | `"chaos infrastructure deployed with helm"` |  |
| INFRA_NAME | string | `"helm-infrastructure"` |  |
| INFRA_NODE_SELECTOR | string | `""` |  |
| INFRA_TYPE | string | `"external"` |  |
| LITMUS_BACKEND_URL | string | `""` |  |
| LITMUS_ENVIRONMENT_ID | string | `""` | ID of the litmus environment where the infrastructure will be added |
| LITMUS_PASSWORD | string | `"litmus"` |  |
| LITMUS_PROJECT_ID | string | `""` |  |
| LITMUS_URL | string | `"https://my-domain.com"` |  |
| LITMUS_USERNAME | string | `"admin"` |  |
| NS_EXISTS | bool | `true` |  |
| PLATFORM_NAME | string | `"Others"` |  |
| SA_EXISTS | bool | `true` |  |
| SKIP_SSL | string | `"false"` |  |
| chaos-exporter.enabled | bool | `true` |  |
| chaos-operator.enabled | bool | `true` |  |
| crds.create | bool | `true` |  |
| event-tracker.enabled | bool | `true` |  |
| global.INFRA_MODE | string | `"cluster"` |  |
| global.customLabels | object | `{}` |  |
| global.infraConfigName | string | `"subscriber-config"` |  |
| global.infraSecretName | string | `"subscriber-secret"` |  |
| global.podAnnotations | object | `{}` |  |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"Always"` |  |
| image.repository | string | `"litmuschaos.docker.scarf.sh/litmuschaos/litmus-helm-agent"` |  |
| image.tag | string | `"latest"` |  |
| resources.limits.cpu | string | `"100m"` |  |
| resources.limits.memory | string | `"128Mi"` |  |
| resources.requests.cpu | string | `"100m"` |  |
| resources.requests.memory | string | `"128Mi"` |  |
| subscriber.enabled | bool | `true` |  |
| useExistingHookSecret | bool | `false` | Use an existing hook Secret instead of creating one with the chart, ref. to templates/secret.yaml |
| useExistingInfraConfigMap | bool | `false` | Use an existing infra ConfigMap instead of creating one with the chart, ref. to templates/infra-config-map.yaml |
| useExistingInfraSecret | bool | `false` | Use an existing infra Secret instead of creating one with the chart, ref. to templates/infra-secret.yaml |
| useExistingWorkflowControllerConfigMap | bool | `false` | Use an existing infra ConfigMap instead of creating one with the chart, ref. to templates/infra-config-map-workflow.yaml |
| workflow-controller.crds.create | bool | `true` |  |
| workflow-controller.enabled | bool | `true` |  |

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.11.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.11.0)
